# SAS-Framework-alias-Storm_Breaker
Techniques like accessing the camera, microphone and location of the android devices are demonstrated.
From the domain of computer networks and social engineering. Also includes some part of front end development for the purpose of interface creation. The main objective of our project is, we have designed a tool which can have unauthorized access to android devices. We have named the tool as SAS_Framework. After a thorough examination of various unauthorized access techniques within computer networks, we have only chosen the techniques like accessing the camera, microphone and location of the android devices. It will not only deep dive into the technical aspects, but also consider user awareness and education as crucial components. The software technologies required are, a.Kali linux virtual machine, why kali linux because it is designed for penetration testing, equipped with pre-installed security tools. It is widely used by security professionals and ethical hackers. b. Python programming. c. Web technologies like, html, css, javascript. d. Php programming, (full form : HyperText Processor) It is the server-side scripting language encoded with HTML to develop Web applications. e.VS Code, visual studio code editor, is a versatile and Powerful code editor ideal for implementing PHP and Python in our project. 9. My role and contribution in our project is, I have chosen some set of attacks for our tool. Some of the other techniques include, a.Stealing credentials theft using a fake login prompt b. fake notifications bar c. fake google chrome update button d. and some of the phishing attacks. 10. But I have choosen only 3 of them, we kept it basic and simple, it can be developed furthur more to the framework, a tree like structure can be formed to this framework. 11. Also I have tried multiple attacks, after implementing and testing, these three attacks, we got them with best accuracy, and we have integrated them in our interface. 12. So the foundation and the implementation of the SAS framework was done by me, and later it was deployed with kali linux. primarily I have done these, and moreover I have done additional tasks on the applications of our project. Some of the applications are, a.This tool, if it is fully developed in an advanced way, then this can be given to some of the cyber security companies for their testing purposes. b. If any new operating systems need to be built, then this tool will be helpful to cross check all the vulnerabilities of that particular OS, making it a much enhanced operating system. c. To demonstrate the users, to spread awareness on how these types of attacks are implemented in everyday lives, so that the users of android devices will be made alert. This tool is replicated from the social engineering tool, Storm Breaker from ultra security. All the credits and rights goes to the storm breaker tool from ultra security only.
